hey guys r a chair and this is just a
little minecraft shot yes indeed now
what it is if someone has made a sort of
music music track sound Ford it's two
minutes long I've taken the common
phrases that I've said in various videos
and put it to a kind of beat yes not a
beat so yeah I'll play it like yeah this
comes as I haven't made it but I made me
smile so I'm gonna upload it so you guys
can you know get a feel for it and see
if you like it so you know just on what
you think I shall play it now yes in
deed hey people oh oh oh awesome reza
reza resolutely you are pig huh yes
indeed ha pig in the pool wash the cow
is demonstrating you became motherfucker
fuck you fuck
picking up hold except the news
giant cow pig cow come glorious glorious
I got hacks it's so awesome goodbye is
indeed there it is now you may be able
to guess by the ending of that song the
maker of this was in fact I got hacks
who's also the server guy slipping that
in there man what do you like but yeah
she said no if any will make something
like that it'll mean he turn out to be a
song but you know what I mean if a semi
if I do think it's good it makes me
laugh i will upload it you know so you
know just just putting that out there
but for now you know comment on this
video tell me what you thought that
little track will tell i got hacks what
you thought a little track because i'm
sure he'll want to know but for now
goodbye